Well for me it was I started what a year-and-a-half coming from a very structured environment which was TD that's the training here was a shock to me that we were discussing things that didn't really have to do with what I was going to be doing like it's reliving discussing Alberta Insurance in my Quebec training you know I did not feel ready at all in the sense that I didn't feel prepared with the tools I had at sonnet when I started. I do insurance because I've been working in the industry for eight years but at Sonnet everybody said you'll learn while you're on the floor because the agents were the agents and the managers at the time of explain things to us which was the case they didn't even help with the training portion was rough I felt like everybody here has experience with no reason that we do reading of the wordings; you know the policy so training to me it wasn't pertinent.


I second what she said.


It is difficult for any company to start, so Sonnet had to start somewhere to be able to make adjustments for the future so part of what you just said about is, isn’t really adopted to us, I think. I think the issue that we have is they're trying to adapt a training built for Toronto which is a bunch of people without experience in insurance. Big thing I think it's general for Sonnet a lot of things when you think about it. They take you think about it for Toronto and then they tried to make it for Quebec but doesn't work with our environment. I think that's the one thing I can say.


On another subject, e of that but it could be how you know how recently they said 12 to 8 that digital team me and another agent were two would have to do 12 to 8 I was hired and coming in to sign it cold that sun is not unlike other companies we may be open 10 to 6 but you would never do Saturdays and Sundays and now all of a sudden I have to do 12 to 8 is an option and it's like happening tomorrow. They just say hey by the way it’s changing, by email it was a like now it's going to be 10 unless that changes again also coming issue and I think you probably all set it at one point or another Quebec is not Ontario and its until that's understood it's going to keep being like this. For the first training for us we didn't do a lot.


All goes well, because you think that you know that is true since it’s you first experience within insurance. Here we all felt it, we all talked about it. They're wasting time. Training was way too long.  Not all the information was true.
All the training was based on Toronto staff.
Nothing changes from Ontario insurance
We all come from basis of Quebec 


Being from economical which is supposed to be an insurance company that was there for like 100 years so I'm disappointed to see that you have entity which is economical that's been here for a long time but I feel nobody know what they are doing and it's just my impression. Of course, in Toronto and you getting a bunch of agents that doesn't know anything. They will believe everything you are going to tell them. But people from other companies find it difficult to try to explain what you are doing here when you don't do it often to the same people I think this is one of the biggest stuff and I think maybe even harder from what I've heard.


They [Toronto] can’t understand you there, they don’t get it since people do really know their stuff here and has to be different I guess rules doen't apply to thing over there so you like generate confusion at the start but as soon as you get on the floor at least you provide us with the people here. 


Facilitator: do you mean the difference between like how rules apply to Ontario vs. Quebec is that we are like or just in general on how the information is provided?


It is better to really know your stuff about the first then adding other information from other provinces, it can confuse you with many rules. You count how many hours there are in a day but just to add to today's talk… it is confusing but at least here [Montreal] as soon as you get on the floor like everything settles down. 


Honestly when I started the first few weeks and I was coming from somewhere I was not happy I was wondering if I made the right decision come here. The reason I came here is because for me this is where insurance is going, and I'd like that but and it's okay for our superiors to not to know as much about insurance as we do. I don't know about their job so I mean… and also in the training one thing I thought was surprising is that there's not a lot of focus on the website and yes we practice doing quotes and things like that but we need more we need more because everything we do is guiding people on the website and sometimes we doing that flying so maybe spend less time on things that are less important like Alberta and things like billing will learn on the floor just getting over it over to you things that affect us more and maybe shorten the time in the classroom and more time on the phone you know because that's when we all the learning is happening.


 and[a] so cuz I was going to ask how can you make the expense that are like some training so this is
 A
More feedb and so cuz I was going to ask how can you make the expense that are like some training so this is kind of like knowing the surveys are there then I c they have a between the age the so yeah also add up to the clientele because you know you have to actually did not ask for that you do so you know you have to adapt to less you have to spend less time about insurance in more time about planet products website and everything else but the area


Most of us in Quebec we are licensed in Alberta and in training we didn’t get anything


There’s also this big rush to get us licensed in other provinces
But we aren’t trained in the Maritimes.
It could be it could come back against me not necessarily just the company so that's why we're so adamant about things is that we want things to be done right because if it’s wrong so I feel like they should train us about other provinces if we're going to license ss.


Training is not structured, we have a subject but it's not related to the previous and the next one so you don't know what you will do and in the in the end of the training like anything so I have to start over again on the floor two different answer to the same question so you don't know with in the beginning until now I got different answer so why is a different answer and I was shocked by the guideline for QM.
Most companies have 1 guideline for you, not like 25 pages! 
I don't know how to help customer, once he said is J6W or no JVW so I got to fail because he said two different things. They [QM] tell us we said the wrong thing. And then he [customer] is angry because every time I have liked it to justify why I am answering the call like that, I am hoping this customer answer from the beginning like even if I called incompetent and they asking about me to identify me and then I don't have the right answer for you because maybe I forgot the password I forgot what email address do they have another question to ask thinking about an insurance. But I have to maybe because a lot of fraud case happen I respect that all the way, but I feel I don't know how to customer when they call then he's frustrated and he hangs up on me and he would call another one [agent] in this would be the same issue.






When I started working here there's tension between Sonnet and Eco and it's weird to me to be honestly I don't know if this has anything to do with the subject I never encountered this any other place I've ever worked and I still feel like it's getting better because they're hiring new people. 


You are in your role and it does it affect you after a year.


Example of customer asking a question about a claim, sometime last weekend. To them we are the same but they [customers] don't know, they just made a claim and they just spoke to someone but now we can’t help… it's a lot for us.


Claims do a cold transfer not a warm transfer.


Always up to react we don't listen to feedback, but we always react them but if you're a big company and you've been in business for many years before active some of the things you're supposed to know so I'm just confused what we doing really.


You call the customer and that claims person is expected to give the customer service the same as I am so there's no reason for rudeness. You know you transfer the call the guy said this was what he wants to open a claim you need to transfer on your end Vise versa.


When the customer calls to backdate the car because it was scrapped
We don’t know which date…
When we ask the claims department, they sound like we are bothering them!


We cannot do it [backdating] we have to address this to the Seniors with the answer so they have to send the product to have to do it… so it's like that.


And we're and where do and where the one so by the by the park the Kamika the communication clean 4 financing total decrease so in order to communicate the product I have to it's about a week or two or even more then they send it back and sometimes it's completely different. I have to send it again and I have to call and for example if I have to follow up in my 2 mi with didn't do the follow-up because I didn't I'm going to be verify everything and I don't know process[b] meaning between Department.


I don't see if you want to do something about my phone see clients is the reason that we have to be doing there's no reason why I can't set a reminder to call them you delete your file you know there has to be a better way well how you feel about that what time leave maybe I don't want everybody to feel like it I never loved one like the floor with you[c]


 change the station 40 more by 3lw can you bypass
 bypass. Decided merge with slide for supposed to beautiful wedding bands[d]


I know it myself - why do I have to transfer to him or him


Why did the client have to be transferred when he could be told on a first call.
Can we help in billing?


…I’ve done it - I’ll explain billing to a customer in Toronto…


It all comes back to make these decisions - who are thinking about it and who are doing it?


I feel that I am not trusted in doing my job.
If a customer is calling to remove a vehicle that’s a total loss, why can I not go and remove the vehicle?


I feel the company doesn’t trust me to do anything.


It’s because of Toronto, because they don’t have experience.






People are so focused on work.  One of our colleagues did a good job with this.
We need a bit more time to enjoy each other’s company.


First when I started at Sonnet I was happy to come to work but now the ambiance has changed.


The changes are hard to keep up with.


We are struggling with work that we don’t have time to enjoy our time together or recognize someone.


[QM staff] Employees are not recognized enough.  I would want to recognize someone that got better.  It was something I started doing but someone didn’t want me to do that, so I stopped.


When you are in Toronto you have TVs and all that stuff that recognize the agents
What do we have here?  
Even just a little progress could be good.


The visual aspect could help.


There’s no recognition 
We receive email only
We don’t even feel that we are part of it.  I don’t even know how it works really.
Yes, we are one Sonnet, but there is the Toronto office and Montreal office.
We are dealing with 2 languages in Montreal. 
The soldiers fighting the battle should be the ones telling it how it is.






More empathy
Need to feel more empowered
Went to Indeed [website], on indeed you can post a review of sonnet…
We need to be listened to more.
We are asked to be empathic, but are we going to be listed to?
I want to be treated the same as our clients are treated.
There’s no talk, no pilot on a project.
Need more time for social stuff.
We had to sacrifice our lunches just to get things done [while working on a project]
We had to sacrifice our productivity [while working on a project, so I don’t want to do it anymore].
The more empowered you are the more you give to the company.
Just listen and empower us.


I only won once [Sonnies] and they got my name incorrect, on guidewire and everywhere, and it’s been a year now…


During a pilot project I’m usually penalized for not meeting productivity and there will be backlash.
My stats were penalized after I volunteered for a project.


To the training
Everyone had issues with computers and phones being ready
It took a month or a month and a half to get the phone working


I think it will be a good thing - it’s a video conference.
It needs to be split, Montreal sonnet, and Toronto sonnet.
Give Montreal a [recognition] budget separate from Toronto Budget


The Christmas party, we have to go with Economical and they don’t want us anyway.
We are part of sonnet but not really.  We don’t feel included.


We have to feel we are the same company.
They [Economical staff] are feeling that sonnet is the baby that took everything from them.
They are not having the same fun, now they are having fun and we are not having any fun.
The room we were supposed to have we don’t have it anymore.






My experience with Dominique was good
Ali is the reason I know anything in my job. I didn’t learn much in my training.
If he didn’t teach us, we wouldn’t have known.
Dom wasn’t able to tell us much because she didn’t know.
Ali was a great help; he needed more support for it to be better.


When in Toronto you have all the leaders all the managers all the TLs…
Things taught in Toronto wasn’t brought to Montreal until 3 weeks later!


I’m worried because my TL is someone that doesn’t know me and works in Toronto.
This person will be evaluating me and will be in control of my raise.
The Digital leader should be in Montreal.






They ask for feedback, but it feels like they aren’t listening.
I think they should listen more.


Take more accountability.
The vibe is a bit toxic; they have the power to make things different
They have the ability to change the toxic environment.


I don’t know who’s making decisions at Sonnet
If something valid we submit to our manager, then they have to submit to whom? 


Authentication - Who built it, did they even take a call, why was this process built?
Who is making the decisions, how are they being made, by whom?
I think it will be easier to explain to everyone if it was more transparent.


Ce n'est pas un téléphone 
Shows, not no insurance but need to listen to people that know his her you know and is there going to be another 40 in LA with you always say the policy why don't you know Salisbury decision another year from today I'm not sure if you were working Insurance amount of robocar Poli toys for kids on my biking[e]


There’s a lot of things that should be better
You are asking people to do things that go against their license and then we are penalized for not doing it.
We have license for other provinces and have no training on the insurance in that area.


We are not doing what AMF says
Within the AMF guidelines it’s ok to give information to customer without policy number


The QM is not judging my work or helping me get better, 
The QM is only looking for failure
I got a sidekick because I didn’t ask for the family name and it wasn’t the customers policy


Since things are coming from management, we are implementing the policy without getting support from management.


I feel they don’t support us.
How will the manager in Toronto understand what it means to come from Laval.


It’s understanding the reality here…
We mostly deal with Quebec clients


Everyone on the floor - we love the job, we like the product
5 years ago when I started in insurance - working for a digital insurance company was the future.
What makes it uncomfortable is the structure.


With knowledge - the articles are hard to find
When I’m trying to find an article, what is the word I use to search 
A lot of questions I have for T2 is for authentication to make sure I don’t fail the call
There’s not a lot of tools
The articles have mistakes
Some aren’t in French
Some are in [Salesforce] knowledge
Some are in yammer
For the tools - if a client sends a document everyone should have access to it.
The articles are too long
The tools aren’t helpful
When the website was changed, we didn’t know
An agent needs to work with 3 different browsers to do the job
The tools need to be better.


Our evaluation in digital doesn’t make sense - we are evaluated the same as people taking calls


We can all still work for Sonnet but have regulations different than in Toronto
In Toronto there is a T2 queue, in Quebec there is no T2 queue


Here they act before thinking - they react


More details on why there is a policy hold.
The words “Volatile” doesn’t give us much detail
We want scripting on how to speak to a policy holder.






I believe in what sonnet is doing, online insurance.


It is the trust that I don’t have trust
I’ve been told that I will be in one project or another and it never happened.


We work in an industry where I could find a job elsewhere, they need to understand that as well. We are here we want to be at Sonnet but we could other jobs if we are not happy.


Gap between what was promised and offered
What is being offered in recruitment is not a reality
Opportunities are not there
People want to be empowered
The authentication process is heavy - it’s not fun, I might get a fail today, I might get screamed at by the client.
We have great talent, but they need to be taken care of to keep them, treat them better
Listen to them.


I like the idea of online insurance.
The way it was applied wasn’t the way I saw it being applied


There is a difference between what I was originally told vs. what the reality is


Maybe the term sidekick is offensive to someone that receives it
Maybe a grade instead of words
Bigger recognition for the work, not something that can fail you


QM Rep: 
We are not in the sonnies
We don’t get points


It creates a bad vibe between QM and the agents
There is no program for middle management


I have all this experience and I’m nervous identifying a client
The most complicated part of the call is identifying a client


What could make someone leave, we don’t know who’s making the decisions


We should be part of the decisions
As a QM I had no support, no help, nothing


The QM guidelines were built by someone who doesn’t have experience in the field of QM


I feel insecure about the decision making - the people making the decisions aren’t qualified
That makes me second guess everything they say


Trying to talk to people in Toronto, they don’t listen to how things are in Quebec
We should have our own QM team that builds something for us
Nothing that I’m saying doesn’t actually come from my experience


There’s no accountability
I learned a lot in my role but I don’t feel like I accomplished anything.


We know that every company has a struggle with the system, but those companies learn from their mistakes. We don’t.


What sold me the company was the idea of digital.


We need to believe what we are selling, and we don’t.


Something new, not everything can work right away but we have to fight from the inside.


There’s 50 years’ experience in this room
We are digital, but we still need structure like a regular insurance company.
[a]Need to review again – not sure what it meant
[b]This was about communication between department, how confusing it is to agents – do we have a clear process?
[c]Same as above, it is about why transferring, when to do so between department
[d]Need to review, don’t remember what it was said
[e]Need to review not sure what it was about