from an employee perspective, people are happy at a certain point and then it starts to decline, and it declines quick and we are starting to lose people and loose people good to lose and also not. Feelings of favoritism, and not just promotion wise and it comes from the same people being picked for opportunities and favoritism is not just about the job



distrust is at an all-time high. I don’t think that and I’m not just talking at a hero level and there are issues with us trusting each other and are we working as one and we are feeling that at multiple levels


whichever level you look at and it hard to track.


just saying consistency 

lots of stuff going on there, great question, there you see in here that from the leadership team that we are or act like we are. You see in here there are little ways in how people are working and not presenting themselves as one strong united front and various people going through PR and how lack of self-awareness and they are performing better and a difference



Jen: leader, tL or upper management

specific to the managers, I don’t see them acting as one team and it has come up a few times before


its interesting that we have asked this question a 100times at sonnet and for some reason we can’t determine why where are losing people and we have tried to provide a solution and we continue to have a high attrition rate. The idea of sonnet the contact center we have and put in guard rails to vent. We have high attrition rate and our engagement is very low and we try to pretend, and the reason is, those who have left and come to talk to me before they leave. there is a huge disconnect between management and the floor, and us TLs. They feel there is not plan that involves them and their future and they see other companies that provide. We can create some positions and has to be better and work better with eco and they need to understand that we are not someone they adopted and leave on the side. I like that Roger sent an email and from that front in terms of career for the leadership. 


sometimes management don’t work together, and the floor knows that’s probably more than we do, and someone told me sonnet has a toxic environment and many leaders have heard that before. CC always have a toxic environment and we have an environment where there is that toxicity. People who have left for lower paying jobs, so they feel better on the environment they were working on and leaders need to come together. As tls we used to work so much better together and as we got bigger more issues that got created and more issues that become for the day and what they plan for the future. That’s my viewpoint


a lot of drama and gossip, like high school


office politics, dog eat dog world. Complete overhaul and a lot of trust and now there’s cliques and let’s be friends with these people and not with these people. I’m hurt by it and it’s a toxic environment and not good for people to see and experience.


Jen: You seem to be saying that there is a fracture between you and management, and the floor knows. Why do you think they think that?


they see things and put 2 and 2 together. They see who is doing what and going where. They are intelligent and can figure it out. Its gossip and rumors and they are not making it up.


for me, I joined me Removed direct quote/content, then it was more aligned I already knew ahead of time of the concept on what to expect on overall at that time it made sense on what they are trying to accomplish.


I didn’t know what it was until I signed the papers. Neal and Fred sold me on the vision, it was important to me the vision and that be a part of a startup, it’s a great feeling to be a part of something as a startup. I love their vision and they wanted to disrupt. I didn’t want to work for insurance or a CC and the vision they were so engulfed in it and that’s what made me join. They hired all of us who had no insurance background and they didn’t want to bring toxic environment. They gave us 3 model offices, with people like name and people sitting around us and we had to respond confidently and they said it was a failed experiment and it created that bond of family that we talk about in our interviews and we have lost that vision and don’t have it any more. When there is no vision, the people suffer. We need to have a clear vision and need some direction for that floor.


the one thing name said, they did have that vision like any company. Its because they had this idea, I take offense to that, as I am the reason why it is toxic. To have new hires tell the trainer that something is wrong is not a good look.


they are not insulting the experience. We were trying to remove the call Centre environment. Clients complain what they didn’t like about insurance,


to make a broad statement it’s sad to say that to throw us 


when you hire an insurance professional, an assumption, of jargon of terms and conditions and get people who are passionate to help, and support and you get the best of both worlds. I came in as an insurance professional and what about fraud and UW and people are gonna lie and all these things are happening now. 

my experience when I came in, the customer experience part was sold properly and what was sold as management and people were not aligned. Just different and whole open-door policy. Some of the things I was told on what management thought about me and I didn’t feel welcome by the whole leadership team and people would not even look at you and my experience when it wasn’t for a year, as the leadership team grew and I’ve seen what we are looking for is not fully transparent and I didn’t think its ever going to be that way. I’ve seen things change and positive changes. Tls got better as management got better. And I don’t think it’s that anyone and it’s not that people are different.

the way we have been limited as a team and we used to put a lot of time and effort and flooding with candidates and for group interview and make way more use of our time and do a lot better at our job. That’s also all that upfront from licensed and not passing furst person and are they not motivated and fit to come here. Make way for assessment, we use the word passion, and may pop a slide or two and tell us one thing and move on from face to face. And have a feel for it


you’re right

my first group interview, me Removed direct quote/content your energy it seems like something Sonnet. I was terrified of a group interview and there was so many of us like 12-15 people and it was fun, and I don’t know what’s gonna happen. First time I have no idea. It was a great experience


this comes back to put more time on hire again, we get trust and we loved coming to work and Someone was doing WFM and we lost that passion and vision. We are now trying to transition back to a digital contact center. And moving in the dark and making many changes and we need to decipher first what we want to do and go and is this a digital company and it should reflect on our time and are we geared towards the young hip folk or the old people in Alberta. Why I am saying that is because some companies in the USA and they lost their vision and when we go public whoever invests in us, we are cruising. And not like a call center and metrics and a lot of confusion


technology needs to work.




	

	how we feel and operate on a daily basis, our people use us a s a filter on when it comes on how do I feel and how my leader feels and get a better idea on what’s going on. Sometimes as a TL I think we are thought of last and maybe that’s the way it should be. As I said people see things through us for ex if a trauma happens and a CSH is involved and a tl is involved. The CSH is okay, tl is like back to the trenches, we are the forgotten group. So important and not really thought of. I don’t know what is missing and maybe what I am feeling is, product information and updates, last to know and first point of reference. There was a floating thing that t2s are gonna replace us, as they would get the information first and what is the flow of the information.


we are filter for management, I don’t know how to explain it and we are here for things to get delegated to us and we are there to support at the same time at certain times


someone needs to explain it that you are not privy to the information, I won’t understand the reason for it.

the way a TL impacts their experience has a lot to do with how supported they feel, does your tl like you or they pretending to like you, you won’t like all your employees and not everyone feel equally treated and feel evaluated the same way are they getting the same level of help to be promoted and making sure they are treated equally and the tl has one of the biggest impacts on employee experience. If you have a bad relationship with your tl it sucks coming to work. What name was saying was when tl is not thought about and you’re the parents and there is someone above you and that Tls have one of the biggest impacts

with that being the case we have to be taken care of as well and if we feel not aligned to say and how our managers see us and how they will impact on us and it comes to manager tl relationship on how we feel and more alignment can be accomplished. 


there can’t be favoritism


we are open concept, but we don’t act like it and we are on the same floor, but we don’t know what’s going on with each other and sometimes they don’t even talk to one another. The idea for open concept is to walk about and change someone’s life. You show appreciation and we also have to play a part in this and give your employees the hard truth and they have to look for the audience and be able to drop them back to reality and not have to get involved in that gossip. They want someone to complain to and we encourage the synergy and we need to play a part. I had a CSH once who when I came into work and they were down and I called them aside and what’s going on, and they were struggling and started to blame their former tl and they were having issues with their metrics. That’s fine and you can control your metrics. They went to the tl and complained about me. The tl came to me and said that they blamed you for their problems, and don’t worry about it as this is what is going to happen here. We have a young crowd, and if you listen to one more than the other, we need to show all of them the same level and we have to reinforce what the other tl has said. 


it is key to connect the people that we often don’t communicate with. We work for sonnet and eco and people report to a tl and we can speak to anyone on the floor and it could make a huge different. It’s okay to connect and share with what’s going on with them and have authentic convos. It takes some work to be vulnerable in those areas. All learn and grow that way.
	

	a. I think it improved a lot, but I’ve never been a part of it/ sonnetoply, always something


it’s not perfect but you’re never gonna get something that makes everyone happy


it’s not meant to reward poor performance


b. they took the feedback so I wanna wait and see how this program looks.


shift to team results and center . I don’t know how we feel and tls may feel not looked after and not recognized and not incentivized. I do feel personally recognized by my own leader

any company I worked for had a tl recognition


t2s are not part of the incentive as we are in leadership, and things were not even announced till the 3rd quarter. I asked name and she said they were not gonna do it.


we have a lot to do with engagement and I’m not sure if our engagement is healthy


Removed direct quote/content kicked out of the Sonnies and we have to figure out what to do and keep the positiveness. name is doing what she can, at Removed direct quote/content we would have a trip at the end of the year and everyone was going on these trips and I don’t know if we can ever get to this point and we are to be careful to not engage in unhealthy competition as we see each other as competition. We need to encourage unity and celebrate those who are doing well. Someone from a team, name who created a game and paired them together, so they don’t see as a competition and not give candy and sweets and people want more than that.


not monetary and more verbal recognition and notes from manager and do things that are not about your metrics, and maybe if Tracy was the one to come or a manager send you an email as that type of recognition

at all levels, specific to tLs there is a need to compete happening and we are flat in our organization and I understand wanting to be strategic and when it gets to be a negative thing and when you are trying to get a position against other people and that’s not fair, and it’s a negative thing where it’s a social club now and you are having to be part of this group to be recognized. Not anything should be based on how close you are to this person or that person and sometimes it feels like that.
	

	



goes back to feeling supported by your manager and not feel less important. I know for myself I want it to feel that way and the work that my manager puts towards me and put that same towards me as they do for ex name. I can understand if I wasn’t engaged and not forget.


I’ve always believed in not blaming anyone and feel the accountability for those in my team. Ex. The fact we have so many people in STD including leaders, it’s a failure for all of us. We can gauge people’s intent on why they do, we can say they have bad intent. And we can see who is responsible and the boat is sinking and it’s the captain’s responsibility and it’s a culture in the society that the captain goes down with the ship/ we as leadership need to do better and that includes manager. We have 2 managers and they are seeing how many tls and it’s not foreseeable how they are to effect and they have to encourage a culture of unity and being together, We are lacking somewhere and need… we have high attrition and we need to change, they are doing what they can and there is room for improvement for everyone. We play a very important role in this company and tls have lost their voice and we need to take it back and try being the voice on the floor. There is a pivot to some of our low numbers and solely directed to heroes and not on our part and tls the other way around. We were very close teams; name was my TL and we used to have fun and we used to help each other and tls seemed to work better together. And people would help each other.


for me, when I joined, I didn’t know there was no proper training for tls and could not rely on managers. Maybe that could change. Not having to rely on my peers. Even after you’re settled into your role, what I would be asking if my manager would recognized what I need to work on or you’re not seeing any movement or your PR results weren’t what you were expecting, if you give feedback to CSH daily, if not from management how do you improve. more transparency, its lacking doesn’t matter from who. 


and being treated equally. Being treated equally and get the same behavior. When I was promoted, not everyone congratulated me and you don’t have to, if you hear something exciting about someone, it didn’t make me feel welcome to the team


part of this is the whole true genuine concept, a lot of things in corporate is working towards coming together and on top of that and you can only go so many times on surveys and if you continue to not act then you lose trust. 


seeing the same things for 3 years. 


I feel and I hope that the leadership team has great things on stop and make better sense on the shit we have and step back and do get together as a team twice a year and do outside of a work setting. 


one of them I helped carry her stuff out, why are you leaving what they told me sonnet was is not what it is. Another person why you are going, the person telling me that you are the only person who asked me to go for drinks and they have never experienced that in their life. Across the board there is a disconnect between leadership and there is no vision and the person made the comment too that we have leaders and as name mentioned, for her to experience that in joining our team no acknowledgement. there is a lot that needs to be changed and how long are people going to be there to change.
	

	I felt roger and Carolyn made me feel more like an open-door concept and less hierarchy and feel comfortable to speak and makes me feel they are trying to keep it like that

I like name not much experience with her. You can speak to name and is not judgmental and says hi to you and is running a contact center and it’s not intentional and I find name to be doing good things

I like name too and it’s not a natural thought to talk to name, doesn’t come naturally on what name has to say about this. I feel we need to get closer.


I’ve never had a concern and name has reacted quickly to somethings on the flow. When someone on my team, name was extremely supportive, the only think I would say is, maybe there might have been sometimes that hierarchy is there. It depends on the situation and matter of transparency on who you approach and what have you done and genuinely good experience with name


when a CSH says I don’t like to go to that TL because they don’t smile?

I have heard that

trying to tie in something here. As a leader you need to create that space as you can see there are different perspectives on what you can do and be approachable as a tl and whatever crappy stuff and stupid question and leadership isn’t about having a role. Its something name needs to connect with people, not with me but folks on the floor need that. As human beings regardless of what you dealt with, name needs to connect better with that and not everyone is boisterous, and we need to try different methods. Someone like name, maybe she was going through something that day.


name is a mighty force and you may not want to ask to say hi

I have been in that close proximity


name is an introvert, that’s just some people too.


name played the silent observer and supporter for that for the hero she will have your back. Great in all facets and have seen name speak and enjoy your genuine chat, come out a little bit more and need to do your thing

seems more genuine at the summit and I don’t feel like things are being said behind my back. I feel name is genuine, and I appreciate that. 




I think name is what you see is what you get. Not pull the wool over your eyes and have more interactions. And to my original point, there is a distrust as I don’t know how genuine some leaders may be on their intentions and you have intuition and has a huge impact on how you feel
	

	*Overall, they don’t*


there is great people here, on the floor people are very welcoming, there are less cliques and having my team come around together and, over around in this office, very welcoming and come out for drinks after work. A lot of it is the people that you work with and people are fed up with being understaffed with tech and nothing working, and we have a lot of problems for being a digital company and peoples friends start to leave and they go. We are losing the poor performers but even people who are in the middle and we are losing them, and other companies are paying more or taking a pay cut. 


for some of us the percentage is moving down, we have been here from the very beginning from where we been and where we have come to and to leave is a big decision and things could be not ideal and not what you like it to be and it’s the emotional and hope that something if it can be turned around. Sometimes it caused you to wait and see what happens


I made a big decision to take this over another opportunity and feel I have to give it time to see if I can give it the time before throwing in the towel, you invest in so much time and effort and kind of have to give it that chance on what you have to be. Some people who have never had this job before, they are aware on what the next steps are and others probably feel there is another opportunity elsewhere, 


we also are changing and keep promising things to come, digital, WFH, t2 and agents WFH shorten the hours. In the past we promised things too and if we don’t see those things and that’s when we see people are leaving

not a lot of CSH’s who have been promoted. Only a couple who have been here for a couple of years and you are comfortable and its good. For others who want to see something change for the, they are going to go, and we have seen that happen.


going public too waiting for job opportunities. Is there going to be the job opportunity?
	

	transparency was a buzz word on the floor, more so last year. 


People want to know they have the information. OMG I can’t do my job.
when it comes to changes, and resources, name was alluding to it, if your environment is one where you are thriving and people will roll with the punches, and we have been broken since day one and people are still working and coming in to be happy and people will have to make the choice.


looking at it in a different way. People who are technically here and they are on leave and they are not producing we all feel this way when their performance starts to derail. Some intend on not being here for too long and they find something external and.


a. we hire a lot of people who are not interested in insurance. It’s a good paying job and hoping to get into another department


you can tie some people on that, and they weren’t meant for that promotion and move on


I have been here for a while and I joined not for the money and why I joined is what’s kept me here and another thing 

my team was not doing well, and things have changed here and they’ve all said it, support is not there and that’s from system side and leader side. I was reading an article and company lose people due to petty leadership and I don’t know what to call it. I’ve seen it grow and I can see it and feel it and have had people come to meetings and say why don’t you like each other. Don’t misunderstand as we are and fight, but we leave as friends. I have played my part to try and change things and keep a level of unity.
Sam: I think some of this is due to lack of support and favoritism and people hear things and say things to CSH and that’s where it comes from. When someone says they don’t like someone, and it doesn’t go over well.


Several: there is a lot of gossip

not truth if you can’t say it to someone. And we shouldn’t be encouraging that anyway and just go where we can work 


someone’s personality, they have to hate someone and have to victimized someone and, in a team, setting it will destroy this and you have to park that shit at home and have everyone be welcome and people see. And its passive bullying. When name is talking leader and they have to protect us, and they have to see it and do something for the people and environment. Rise above it and be a professional and be able to park that while you were in a professional space.


Jen: anything as a team we can do? any more questions?

conflict resolution we do a bad job at that when it comes to resolve. Two people have an issue that has come between them as much as there should be a mediator as long as there is something there can be done and not do he did she did and repair the relationship and say what you did different and don’t worry about hurting their feelings and show that you are supporting.
 
Jen: I have heard about favoritism and gossip from agents and leaders, are you comfortable to go to your own leaders and say the problem is 

Overall NO*


if you tell them something about someone to your leader, and somehow that makes it to that person.

Jen: is this why we were uncomfortable with this session?

*Overall YES*


Because of what happened with the last focus group, and it was not kept confidential.

I don’t personally care, what I said. And you talk to one person and its news for the floor and I get really tired of it and we have clients down our throat, and it doesn’t have any bearing to our job. Become a soap opera as a company, like a telenovela and all that you are saying and trying to do something good and then personally that’s my belief is if you are doing something right and what makes you happy, at least I accomplish my goal and if you can’t solve it that’s your problem. We are either going to lose our business and all that noise. It’s frustrating sometime so talk to your college. 

Jen: do you think CSH feed on the fact there is division and take it to their advantage

I don’t trust going to management and say this and that as I don’t know they have my best interest at heart, I don’t see anything being done
 
there are two issues, you will not be privy to other people’s convo and on the other hand what impact it has on you and turning into gossip from the management level.


friendship from a manager/TL perspective

if management said something and 6/10 are doing it and you are not it continues to happen, what impact does it have. People continue to do it, why will I go and speak to management we are adults. I feel like an issue is inequality and we are so hard on the agents on lates and absences and of a t2 or tl is late why are they not reprimanded. We always look at CSH and not at t2-management level. 


we look at behaviors for CSH


leadership is by example.
constant pressure to improve is on tls only. Are managers having a session?


Closing remarks, they want to have the managers also have these sessions.