Transcript
	

	okay for me I personally feel the experience is great and, in a sense, that I refer my friends refer to the day to day job. Worked at Desjardins office 5 people and he was the younger, the next person was 52. Weird for me and I didn’t love it and moved onto a brokerage and a younger brokerage and not the experience I wanted and it was in Woodbridge he and the major thing I tell my friends of the experience and what I hear form my friends, but they have good experience but ours is create and an avenue for change to happen

I agree and been here 3 years and not being and coming from hospitality and very cutthroat, my very first office job and nice an you get support and morale is up and down and agree with him and very supportive and friendly and not managers only bit peers, other office lets you figure out yourself, peers are serving and supportive and going up to managers not everything is perfect what I see is great and I love it


I agree and worked in CC and very business oriented and sonnet is customer oriented and I like coming in and its repetitive, but I didn’t dread in the morning



key work

similar to name, call centers are toxic, and I don’t find that at sonnet and the experience people recognize for culture one moment I remember that highlights sonnet specially name and name were watching cricket at break and very chill. Things that you don’t find at other places and here it everyone is doing their jobs and we are still humane and relax:

I think that its change wd over the last few months and the morale has taken a hit and the people I interact with and I thinks it’s very different than other cc and there is no huge focus on wrap up and its very nice. And a big part is I feel listened to and bring things to a tl and manager and thing I say is implemented. Morale has been hit recently. With QM recently authentication and people have gotten used to it

a. some parts of it were and some were not. The group interview is brilliant, and they bring all the guys in. I had the impression that it was going to be more chillax and feel more mislead when I went to the floor. There are no targets and there were sick days as a benefit, and you were gonna get a warning and productivity went to a quick change to having to be very productive. I was misled and I could work at another company, but I chose sonnet,


since I have been here 3 years, since the training I have seen a lot of changes, one thing I will mention is that the training was relaxed at the time for attendance and now it’s being implemented, I feel that at the get go we should say listen you need to be here for a certain time and a birthday happened and some late happened and the particular person came in 20mins late and we should say listen we are spending money on you, if you are not serious then don’t come int. I think it should be, nip it in the bud. I know WFM is being, if you are late it is being productivity if you were being ate but not scare people, but be very firm like if you are here at8 then be here at 8, hey I was told you were cool about it but put the hammer down


for me training itself is perfect and a good enjoyable time and trainer name makes you feel at home and how sonnet works. My only things for the interview process were misled about the work hours. We weren’t told we were gonna be 12-8 right off the bat and the new groups are being told and I tell my friends now hours are changing and doesn’t matter but for me during that time it wasn’t gonna work for me. I made it work but would be nice to know before I accepted the offer once I was incubation was gonna be 9-5 but it was 12-8. I would have reconsidered but still taken the job you need to go to training to figure why you will take this, here is months at a time and I made good friends who were willing to change and change shifts with me and other guys in my group are stuck doing 11-7 and 12-8. Better way to implement 12-8 and it shouldn’t be a bad way to get Ig you get bad once a month and boom you are 12-8 and a tough pill to swallow and hasn’t happened to me but I can see how that can happen.

b. only way to make it better is in incubation be transparent hey you will be this shift and if you are starting this month your shift bid won’t be till July and be an easier pill to swallow

realistic in the interview process and it is a great place to work for but then again, it’s a business and I agree with that

my interview and training were fairly smooth as right off the bat I was told I’m gonna be a 12-8 shift and I’m coming from a place where I did a midnight shift and I’m used to it. I was told that beforehand, my team was in a unique spot where we went through the internal ITL process and the same team stated together with the same new supervisor. The only time there was a hiccup because us being on the floor we were 12-8 for a whole year and was not really miscommunicated and to was that and the transition from training to floor was smooth and no other complains. 

people will be happy there is always saying the hours of operation, makes s3nse we are a digital company and we want to educate our client to do it online and we can call them and say ie amazon


my training was really fun it was a small group and it was so relaxed and we chatted the whole day and w lot of people with insurance wand was with Allstate for a year, we were told that when you hit the floor when you try this you will understand. Okay I’m here what do I do now. Relying a lot on my peers and older employee. I was told I was gonna be 12-8 and it sucked but I took it. In terms of the culture very clear I got what I expected. Very yeah, I got what I was told. Only thing in training could have been clear

one major part of 12-8 its fine if it works out. eg there is a shuttle there is no shuttle after 8 those who are 12-8 there is no shuttle to take home like I drove all the time I was 12-8 and I don’t want to be driving when I work downtown. One shuttle after 8 its easier to do

about 12-8 I have been saying this form the start if you are given this shift, some people choose this shift some people are like a punishments and it’s a negative thing and we should have been given an incentive, before if you work 12-8 you don’t work Saturday, when they took out Saturdays there will be incentive like shift premium like my old company. It is what it is I can take it. Oh man why is it like this although it doesn’t matter now as we are changing and offer some incentive.
	

	best way to go is as long as the clients are good, you have 3 back to back 20min calls where someone calls with 0 insurance experience and you are stuck dealing with someone and you are ugh why am I dealing with this and that’s shit that can annoy you.


not sure if this is answering while we are so integral to sonnet there will be no customer support, we are very important and as we are frontline we are overlooked and with big changes we are not consulted

when we had the manual renewal and the wide cancellation with brokers and authentication happening within a few months of each other and we had to explain while were explaining and trying to learn and were being scored on it and all through September and getting all that thrown at one and without getting oh and rate increased and were staggered if it was during summer. Having like 300-40 calls in the Q and getting most of the calls if they were in there rate increase and manual renewal and explain to someone that hey your policy was set up by a broker and on top of that with the authentication and there were so many changes and no way to help and can’t send in these documents can’t help you



Agree with name, communication was still lacking a little bit and rolled out without ironing out the details, and its confusing to us and also the client. Have the time and authentication so many things like so many questions that if they get one question wrong like phone number we should be able I feel a lot of times agents are working more are working for QM and didn’t get that callback number and did I do that can do statement K&A if you get that wrong you did risk to the company you should get 0 but if you 

I don’t think anyone degrees but it’s just happening all at once very minor things affects the moral and I had a great experience and client had a great experience. And follow up on and makes sense for productivity and o/b don’t count I’ll still do it for a can-do statement


if I fail this call you are thinking more of you and then instead of them oh man, I’ll get a 12-8 shift if I agree there should be a process 100% there should be a little lenient. If you think of the questions from fb anyone can get it. 

specially one time I remember one call when my tl at the time was marking for me. The phone number on file was wrong by one digit and my tl telling me I was gonna get a 93 but the number they called was 555 and it looks the exact same and yes I should have looked a little more and my 93 is a 0 and I’m gonna get a 12-8 shift and things like that are annoying

I agree working for QM instead of working for client. I failed a call as the customer said street and I get a 0 on that whole call and it was gonna be a 90sth call and because they didn’t specify and it is very frustrating and oh my god 12-8. I feel strongly on working for QM

the way I will ask for an address,

I started doing it

what I mean by that is, say your full address


they will forget to say NY




they say it changed before I could say, and you have to repeat it 3 time now they change it before it was like say it again. It’s funny the client said can I get our province Toronto north York Canada. There not getting it and finally


it’s a bad experience

you are annoyed they are annoyed

bad CSAT, affects for shift bid.

	

	a. great. Like it’s good to get recognized, I got top performer for a month and it’s on the screen and everyone knows it and you get points for gift

I am happy for my coworkers and it’s frustrating if you don’t get it for failing a call and ask my tl and they say oh you know it’s cause of that one sidekick, why am I never getting recognized

I personally think, no one wants to be sidekick. I think it should be your score and this is your percentage. I think the sidekick and hero theoretically sounds fluffy. O hero, you’re not a hero. I took that out of the email, the customer service hero. If you get a hero SH legendary, this month you’re at 98 just based on your score/ 

I feel it’s already is like that we get the score and we get the number


like a sidekick

In terms of the notes and see that one person be recognized and quarterly. I liked it last year in terms of quarterly for teams of the month and quarterly. It’s not like segmented. We didn’t do quarterly

before 2019 it wasn’t quarterly

if you fall behind you are

I agree you can see progressing for 3months
ties to shift bid

I am not crazy for the incentives, I got a travel and got travel tickets. We got kicked out and then were we got kicked for being too good. We got a lot of conflicting information and it was a pilot
introduction of the second team recognized between the two team, and someone who has been also at the top and bottom and the program itself doesn’t change my behaviors and I wasn’t sick for that quarter which was nice and also random. I’m lucky that I wasn’t sick, and I will not get sick for washing my hands, and who knows. I was lucky to be sick only a few times and was rewarded into it. Its gonna go into my attitude. You might get a random sidekick if the client takes it the wrong way and something in the matrix. It’s nice to get incentive but like a random price

remove OSAT as that is not a 
*overlap convo*

words for CC 


tying it directly to performance 


agree that even though they’ve change it. They get it in 48 hours they will get a CSAT. Someone who’s mad will be mad for 48hours, they will wait for that survey to come and they are pissed off at the company and affects us.


it affects the rate we get at the end of the year, it’s a capitalist society we work to make money
*overlap*
	

	a. a big one

I love my TL last year. With my tl last year I felt I was improving if I was having issues with my personal life, she was there for that. My tl was working for the success for the team and personal success. Removed direct quote/content I got switched and the new TL was also gone and without a tl I was doing my own thing and sticking to what I have set up and what I know. It just felt so minding my own business

that was weird

I don’t know what they take turns as a football team

its also disruptive when they change us every year and only at 10months you get to know them, and I had an awesome TL last year and not saying the one I have now isn’t great. It’s so disruptive and upper management can switch in 3-4 years. Everything changes on how they run the huddle performance and how they mark, when they switch

in the last 3 you now since October I’ve had 3 different TLs, and I was gone with the TL and with a sub tl and Removed direct quote/content new tls, ive had 4/5 tls mark my score. All good marks and you start to realize the way you have a call they’re mark you all the same and one person who understands maybe if they’ve been on the floor and haven’t. new tl vs older tl, someone who has just started to mark, my tl was first time marking me and the way she marks is the same as QM and someone who has been around awhile will mark very different than what QM does is different to the tl. My calls are the same and consistent and I hope my tl understand, CSAT the client can be upset about rate increase and CSAT gone to garbage

all scorecards from my TL and QM was up and down. Now I got a 0 from my new TL and look over something last time

Jen: asking if it goes beyond calibration:


all tls should be on the same page. Eg can do statement, I can definitely help you with that as opposed to some tl will say paraphrase it and I can help you with your billing. I think it should be how the QM guidelines every TL will mark the same and as long as you put the statement


I got marked down for not saying definitely, how can that not be a can-do statement.
*Overlap convo*

I am shocked
you can still tell the customer
*overlap convo*


I say 3 times because I can’t remember


it docks the whole can


it’s not can DEFINITELY its can DO

sorry you didn’t hit that

personal bias. If they are on the same page.


5lines that shows the can-do statement


Jen: how can leaders make it better

well with our leaders I think instead of cut and dry scoring calls, we should approach how we get to solutions and how we get to each person and how they talk, and they can fit in their form of communication

we don’t have a script, you are going outside your script, be yourself

if you follow a script you are a robot

I think the TL can make it better where they give us one month just listening to us and getting to know us and listening to calls and taking time with you and not 15mins and going for a coffee and hey who are you, who are you and how do you work and they control your career at sonnet. And only once with a tl who took that time


have some questions like now and like a job aid to ask and get to know the issues and problems and where they stand on them and they can gauge on what’s important to the person, and some things that I’m annoyed about and things I like don’t like and am indifferent to. 


if they are marking your calls on what you are doing well, and we should be able to shadow a TL and if they want us to get s SH and shadow how they do things

their calls are what we expect you to be

if they haven’t been on the phone ever

agree with name you have someone for a year and build a rapport and all of a sudden you go like oh no and feel it should be a little bit longer and oh you’re nervous

us choose TL and they get a retainer and expand that and bump to 4/5 and have a two-way kind of thing and they can shuffle around and have more options
	

	I don’t think they affect day to day life as much unless it’s something well above and need to go to them. Eg name at the very beginning was a prominent part and as time goes on and when you go to any TL. I would go to name and bug her nonstop and not go to my TL. Do we ever go to senior leadership, they are overseeing?

if you ever need a policy rescinded you can go to them

why are we jumping to leadership from T2 to TL to manager? They can rescind the cancellation.


they are not visible and don’t talk to anyone. Most of the time I hear is if there is a big issue and had one customer. we got an email from name to say oh this happened. It’s not good things we hear more like an FYI and if they can take an initiative to recognized and come around as individuals and make themselves visible

don’t communicate via email like her sign off for 10mins and we can have a half hour meeting and they interact not just email.


Jen: for example, the Raven file, you would have preferred to have them talk to you directly

*Overlapping YES*

when there are major business changes, its needs to be communicated via leadership and not just an email and I’m prepared and a lot of peoples not aware of it is to be nice to have maybe name and name say hey this is happening instead of email

I have been here 3years. Neal was very hand on, past director, he knew everyone names, As a director you know you are Director of the DCC and you are approachable and not saying name is not and I dint want to bother her and everyone has different style and coming off from the director and have a weekly meeting and this focus group is great.


tying back to training and onboarding, I think having a director who is living those values and coming around and make a different


Jen: hello comes a long way?

with name, everytime I bump into name, we come from the same place


name is the one


with name he came around and with me and he was doing something a lot times to each one. 


we had skip level meetings

I had one

me too

Jen: would you like more

I only had one not when name was my TL in 2018 and not one in 2019 either it was with name ages ago. You are skipping a level in management in case you have any feedback and doesn’t have to be about your TL. Just one more little piece

one nice thing about that is that there are promotions and makes you feel that senior management and how much is your TL and for other people who are shyer and quiet
	

	the people. Here everyone is very friendly and the culture where we came in and the managements very friendly and relaxed atmosphere. As a question and they will never say no and also your peers and you ask a question, and hey buddy you should know this. People make a difference

the money and it’s an entry level job

the modern office the friends and the salary and are key aspects to wanting to stay here and I’ve moved around in my 10months here and whoever you sit next to is very easy to talk to and whoever you sit with in the lunchroom. Everyone’s is very cool and some not weird


what’s with the Llamas?
*overlap*
	

	Rant on the sick day policy. When we were signed on 3 years ago and were told no limits to sick days and we were not taking advantage. Even though I was only sick 3 times last year and we went over everyone’s metrics and saying the director doesn’t want to us be sick and its weird that we have that. If we can recognize people’s behaviors on the absence and lates and sicks, and don’t put it as you were sick 10times and how about you understand that someone’s parent died last year. We had someone who had chronic pain and it was made 100% her problem to go to SunLife and go battle with them and it’s a contract with sonnet and SunLife and not her and SunLife. It’s frustrating when an individual has to take a load of that burden and spend 10mins of our 30min huddle and yeah we know we can go down to monitoring the person and if I was late 7 times ;last year and some were late 0 times it’s an achievement. Me being late is one of four metrics and that its annoying that my 6 lates makes me less of an employee. OSAT 25% of my overall performance for the year

I took quite a few sick days and my TL it wasn’t a warning but you are gonna get a letter. Removed direct quote/content. One of the TL told me to go home


Removed direct quote/content and came to work

I continued to work Removed direct quote/content Someone said why didn’t he leave right away. To hear people, talk about you


my current TL went to bat for this, Removed direct quote/content and in my family we never miss work, and when I Removed direct quote/content took a vacation day on the Monday, and my tl said you take a sick day and the next 2-3 days later I was dying and so much pain and I took some sick days and talked to name that when I called in sick on the Tuesday, Why am I so concerned on taking a vacation day as opposed to sick day. I am afraid to call in and want to be a T2 and don’t want them to think I’m tardy and I should be able to take a sick day and you get to see who takes advantage for this. And this is real, I told name about this Removed direct quote/content. The feeling of that is frustrating

I don’t like to be late or unless I am sick. My previous tl name fought for me Removed direct quote/content. He fought for me and there should be some understanding and there should be a longer period and it should be case by case.


even in this situation and I’m in chronic pain or family member pass away. It may not work but it’s more like originally, we had unlimited sick days and why not change it to 10days a year for sick and 3-5 bereavement days and you don’t get paid for the rest. Its financial and we can understand for those who need exceptions if it comes down to that. This fear culture it’s not held against you and brings a 7% raise to a 1% raise.


I agree that a limit should be set. It’s not a thing. If you set a limit if you can take that. If its unlimited if you are sick on a Monday, you are lazy or drinking and I don’t want to be in the category of those people


I have seen so many good people leave, and I don’t think the management cares. So many good people who left and are great at their jobs and I know it’s a call center and you have high turnover. And higher management, and letting good people go

sometimes someone who is a little too vocal and if not vocal and for the betterment of the team and company and not being recognized and you feel like a number than can be replaced. 


I don’t think TL have agency to change things that make people leave. MY tl has fought so many QM calls and they never get overturned and it’s just the way things are


a lot of it, stuff I’ve seen that we are working on career development, we were told there is so many opportunity, and I’ve applied so many times and it’s my own struggle and moving people around and up and it feels the structure and there is very minimal of opportunity. My tl puts on my career development is doing projects and falls down to a weirdly specific and like doing your job is not good enough and gets you Exceeds at the end of the years and makes you think what you would do in a different role and how can I think of what to do and some secondments are good. The sonnet collective is still not considered enough


Jen: do you received good constructive feedback from your peers, TL, management?

I applied for CRM specialist, from name. and what my skillsets were and got feedback from name and set it up personally. She said you can have feedback”


for certain position, not myself, certain positions you have applied for management have already decided for who they want. Without naming any names, I applied for a certain position and was said sorry we gave it to someone else; did you ask someone for the help after my interview it was before but after the fact its already happened

Jen: does anyone else feel like that

after you applied for a certain position the decision is already made beforehand. You already know you got it and it’s a thing

we have career week, name said we set it up by design that you still get to interview and get your feet wet and I don’t qualify for it again. And it was down and is up again. name said they are looking for something specific and they are looking for someone for 6months that’s my strength is learning and I have multiple degrees. Is that on purpose


for valuable people, when you look down and say someone is a troublemaker and different, they are only doing it for themselves and listen to it.


I think while secondments are a great idea, but you may possibly get it and go back to your old job and salary. Like invest in your people.


they need to put it for a reason to be fair and they need to put one lime that 


c. Listen more, communicate more


even in a huddle they have to run it up the chains and impacting a 100 people and their day to day lives

we all talk and feel similar and the only major reason we would leave is either career development or just not working out. The people are great, and the job is easy if you understand and training does a good job, but I come from insurance and it helps me in learning that, if you can develop then why stay.




most people who have left, if they have left the relationship we have developed over the years and they stay for the people and the friendship you made over the years and the bond you created and


I have made a point to visit the eco page and its one job to convey we have a newsletter like a job in entry level Underwriting and be able to do it and lots of us could


you invest in training us and licensing and training to only leave for a better opportunity.


I’m not saying they should hire me and focus on internal hire and train. I was a good candidate and they need someone experienced and he’s not moving and hire internally and train the person up and they see yet another person move into marketing and


wat they could do is changing the metrics on calls and OSAT and 3 people left for that. Change sick days from 10-15 and not unlimited If they can change that will be a huge help. Huge stride with 12-8 being moved


my tl guiding people to career path. The career week yeah it was great and how do I pursue that, and the manager asked my name and the rest of the month and the other one was the business development. I really enjoyed as we had to pitch our business and name gave everyone a 6 and gave me an 8 and I was the only person who said what do you hate about a company, salesman stuff.




IDP was an awesome idea and we switched teams and lost it all.


my tl name was great and guiding me towards a path and knew my strength. Name was a harder scorer and I feel I knew I was getting better

Jen: how do you feel about this session


we should have this way more


the management should be organizing it
*overlap convo*
	

	

	

	

	

	scale from one to ten

disengaged. I think that a lot of changes have happened a mass exodus of people from the cc and I think morale is really down.

I agree with name that morale seems to be down and a time period a lot of people leaving. I will be bringing up the Christmas party. The luncheon in 2018 we went to a jazz bar it was okay and as a new one when you are stuck in your lunch day and don’t get appreciated.


it was poorly planned. I heard it was a big spread, but everyone wanted to go out.


I don’t mind when we stick around when we have parties at the old office. It’s nice when everyone can go, and you are scheduled in your work hour. I think the company doesn’t think of us as valued employees


I have been here from the start and a lot has changed. Back then they sold sonnet as a not traditional very chill land friends and they have shifted, and everyone’s mindset has had to change and maybe not getting that anymore


it’s all KPI’s and scripts and all those things. I worked at a bunch of CC’s before and bit by bit they are turning


certain teams within sonnet is trying to listen to our feedback. If that wasn’t happening it would be a problem on the surface it seems there is some level of care on how the actual employees think. I’ve only been here for one year and I have a wide experience and most startup once you start growing, we get to a business and KPI’s need to be met. A lot of startups forget employees when the growth goes on and your value maybe not getting decreased but not looked at the same and have ups and down and in the short time I’ve been here it’s not a cool feeling 


I find its really weird that even though we are insurance agents, they think of them as the lowest rung. Working somewhere where I am an agent they are acting like I am a CSH and acting like I have no skills. And the company pushes that to our customers. We are not just some pimply faced teenager who is answering the phone. Like her you are the reason we exist


I agree strongly. It comes back around when we don’t have authorities when we study so many CIP’s and ask someone to do it.


to play devil’s advocate some people did whatever they wanted.


that brings another topic, instead of penalizing everyone maybe coach that individual to make them better. There is coaching that’s done and some coaching is so vague, sometimes I’ve been told something from a tl or t2 and someone else says something and product says a third thing.


I have talked to one t2 and have been using that answer and been told that’s entirely wrong. Have I been giving wrong answers? We keep asking for clarification from other departments and hey it would be really good if we can all agree on this and get upper management to give is time. We find out from customers and it makes us look unprofessional. And we have asked if we can get time


I agree that there is disconnect between departments at sonnet and maybe done behind the scenes.


there is hostility and emailing other dept


that was like when we emailed product


they would talk down to us. Finance gets back fairly quickly. OCC and product. communication is a striking point and we feel quarantined


why does our Christmas party involve only us?


sonnet was, I was here mid to late 2017, it was a lot more personable and we realized in the townhall and the company went in opposite direction. Perhaps there is a transition with you people getting promoted. There has to be a turnaround.

a. totally when I started and then it changed

when I had my first interview they started talking about the balcony and it’s a phone interview and you come in and it’s a ledge. And that kinda illustrates how its sold vs how it is.




	

	lack of authority, its changing but for a while it was like we were babies and I get that some people did something that backfired and maybe it was an overreaction


after being too relaxed they became too restrictive too quickly

one of the things I used to be able to talk like a human being and we now read off a scripted template. I have actually had people say are you a robot

I don’t think its necessarily scripted, touching on the whole not feeling professional. The title of our role should be changed from CSH and makes our customers think that we are not actual insurance agents and they look at us a certain way and fill out a survey a way. The OSAT should not be weighted at all or weighted lower. What do you tell that person hey the information we are giving is facts and regardless how much I helped or what I told you, you will fill that survey how its beneficial for that company? At 30% it’s kinda very high imo specially where we have the HM and that’s already weighted heavily and that’s where the weighting is. They have this perception is that is there someone else


we have had people who are like, do these changes for me. They say what are you good for. This is your job and you are supposed to do things for me. Not do this for you


CSH sounds gimmicky, a person left a comment he was an army veteran and he said real heroes are …




going off all those points on people being sold on customer service but because we are insurance and customer service is not our focus its more de-escalation. If we were labeled as licensed agents, it might get us a better experience


might change their expectation

Jen: if the role you had applied for as CSH vs agent, which one would you have gone for


I would take agent as I knew people in the industry and go as un underwriter. I worked at retail and kinda like a 16year old job


I come from CS and I was sold on the customer service part and it was nice to have a direction and I didn’t have that before 


I joined also for the customer service and it was for the digital team me Removed direct quote/content and that was going to get trained in a designation and pays more.
	

	a. I don’t focus on it because I do what makes me happy that day. What’s the word I look for, getting something in the middle of the day doesn’t boost me. If you get a high QM and your days’ work.


I score badly and I don’t qualify. When I look at my scores it makes me feel bad about myself.


I look at name and used to think of her as someone good so there is a disconnect

I don’t do will


I push myself to do more and it can be stressful, and you see the same people being recognized for the same thing again and again. name may not show up in anything and you might feel like if I don’t score well …


I know where my skill sets lie and going into another department….and it sucks

I did not think throughout the year and ended up getting a bag. First and at the end they came through at the end and I appreciated that, and they are really trying to make people’s lives a little easier

something that has been touched up on the revamping of incentives, you do feel lulled to take something sizeable and if you don’t score


I have issues with my scoring things. We know name may be good and not score high and that KPIs and analytics makes sense there also needs to be a wholistic ways to look at it. I am here till 8 every day and always take these calls and people log out before and I will take that call and these little things are not looked at but scored are looked it.


*overall yes*

one section you get a full 0


I have been told if you hadn’t made that mistake you get a 0


the QM scoring guidelines also for OSAT, you can have 10-15 Superhero or legendary and you get one person who will give me 1s and that will take you from 97 to 77, legendary to sidekick or hero. all that hard work gets swept away

I have seen that firsthand. Scores can be all QM good and if the contact center fails.


we don’t get recognized. We have no incentive program per se. we have a negative perception on the floor. 

it’s the guidelines

I have never had a negative vision of QM and like the initiative to be seen and I’ve heard incentive for QM.


a lot of support staff don’t get recognized


t2 are powerhouses




why am I here, it feels like all we do is fail people that sucks for us too and then everyone if they keep failing and we feel we are failing


I personally don’t dislike anyone in QM at least with me I need feedback to know how I can do. My issue is with how its nitpicky, eg, I got a good score and got a fail that said I didn’t have an action plan

the whole action plan I know why you may wanna do that and sometimes QM forgets how it’s to be in that call and you do everything on the spot as you may not know as the customer ……. we are not paper clipping … you know things that you have on your mind and giving action plan is the last on your mind. It upsets me personally if in the guidelines you are supposed to do it right the call feels very robotic, sometimes you don’t wanna say that. Little things like that are not picky.

if I say sure thing, why is it not allowed

you know how we meet with you, please send it all.


do you want me to help you with that?


over the last two years our roles have changed and sometimes I changed it


you sound like an asshole if you say you can help with that. That sounds less scripted


I lost myself for a moment. One thing I do feel is for those in the cc we are glad there is an incentive program and I sometimes I feel it’s a tradeoff as we get an incentive program for being on the frontlines. Like when occ says can you get them to do this and that and do you understand what it’s like dealing with the customer at this time,


t2 and QM and other people who are not managers, they have this pressure and the way the pyramid is designed. When they make big changes and we have to find out from the customer

sometimes the KBA’s have not been updated


no, you are

*overlapping convo on the website changes not being communicated*

I would like to say something. I am a policyholder. And he didn’t know to click the dropdown, and he said that’s stupid. Who makes the website they don’t know what do and it’s not user friendly?


form me Removed direct quote/content perspective its… they should do this … right off the bat I could do this better


based on what they tell me 


I saved an old email and the URL. I signed into my own account for property when it comes to auto, I use name


if a customer signs up for the first time, give people a tutorial.

how we are scored on how we direct the customer to the website. I don’t have internet. And I can send you an email and been told that I should have told that. When customers orders on amazon

I would love to say that to the customer and 


you want them to send and also verbally go through


sometimes these people do not know to use the website


if we want to be a top tier company and say that if this may not be for you and you are required to know


you guys didn’t call me to tell me that…. I’m sorry you made a mistake of being with us.
that makes us look bad and we are always on the retention mode


	

	I have had positive experience with my tl, they give me constructive feedback without sugarcoating me Removed direct quote/content and they have been good with that and accommodating and feedback form calls they score, and QM score they give you solution.


me too I feel the same way


I feel the same way

I have not gotten along with my tls. I don’t always feel that they were aware of what my challenges were. They were like I need you to do better and it looks bad on me that you are not doing well. I sometimes felt that in recent times that tls have been like absentee parents the only thing they do is go to meetings


like they try and have to put food on the table


I didn’t feel as much support was being given, for career goals and hey you were going to reach out to so and so for me and they dropped the ball on me


I’ve had 3 tls and had good experience. I think tls want us to succeed and seems their workload is very big and too much pressure from the top and stress and take that workload off of them and we may not know what they have to do and not do. One thing I will say though is one thing, I haven’t been micromanaged by any tls and if tls did the day a month on the phones all day and from a customer experience and the roles are forever changing and keep in mind what is happening on the phone. 


Jen: what else could they do?

just being more supportive,


going off both points, I have seen sometimes tls stay so late with escalation and work that individual goals gets on the side. When they are so loaded, even with QM it’s so much work. Having some solution to mitigate the workload will help. 


when we have our coaching sessions is all about stats but having mini sessions on pointed on what to do 


between the old and new office tls have gone from being directly involved, they are having all these meetings, absentee parents. The t2s take on more. Upper management had in one or more year they have changed how we are doing which is good but they put everyone to tls on the backburner and I get there are certain factors, but you are going to lose a lot of quality people since 2017 the amount of people that have left 

*Upper management is not the sonnet managers*


name was speaking more so on our 4 managers; it’s getting used simultaneously.
	

	I used to interact more with name when I started, and I don’t know what she does anymore. She used to be more the person who would know what was going on the office and now that doesn’t happen

maybe her role has changed

I think they are very disconnected, and their job is to look after their time


I feel like Felipe does an excellent job


he will walk around and say hi and the other ones…


their roles are changing with the evolution of the company. Who they report to, and always busy and not accessible and the perception of going up and talk to them? Less people and a lot have changed


they are probably busy, and name does make an effort


Name was a large part of my hiring process and I can comfortably speak to her. Name is usually responding on the same day and giving same day resolution. 


when name had to step back, she took over her responsibilities and it was good to be able to reach out to her during those times

I feel like overall that management and maybe execs if the goal is to have a successful company then everyone should have an idea of what is happening for ex marketing should have an idea on and maybe shadowing once a week or month. If you have this in process, then everyone knows what everyone is doing, and we have a general exception


when eft delay happened, and we went to finance, and no one did it. It would have been wonderful to have them on our side and we can mitigate this, and we can make this better


by having the CSH good quality people leaving, what’s the point in cultivation if in 6- a year later the company is wasting money in training and not retaining. 


b. actually acting on it and not taking a year to make these changes to happen. It takes so long to make these changes, and do you not have 


I went to them at the townhall and said with the tech side of things with the tickets we have had problems with that. How is it that we are a digital team and don’t have our own team thing? name said we are just waiting to hire someone, that’s a terrible answer.


the eco symposium they said the engagement was low and didn’t know what to do. When it comes to profitability if it doesn’t trickle down to us


sonnet is a subsidiary, there was a year when there was no merit and now how much better we have done now, people want to make more money. To get a merit increase of 3% and you are really only getting 1% and people leave as they get more raise.
	

	

Benefits


Salary, benefits and coworkers


the work environment. Anyone knows that 90% of the time you spend with the people and if the environment is good you are more likely to stay. You may want to look for a job if it crumbles.


it’s not all bad and there way worse places, and there is short term loss for


any good company looks that the facts, the more you invest in your employees the better you are doing maybe customer side or tech side, you spend more you get more. Spend money to get money and patch holes in the ship


I felt valued at first and felt it was a real comfortable friendly environment and made friends with people who were on my team and rely on my coworker and then it felt like things have become more and more corporate and distant and they don’t care about us. Even with the engagement survey we have been loudly saying here are things you can improve. And it hurts


maybe they feel and I hope that’s not the case, maybe they are stupid and do nothing. 


it becomes super demotivated if you have these suggestions and they don’t take it and then finally they do. It just stops somewhere and never reaches the top and there is a hierarchy. This year 2019 along they highlighted achievements in the contact center and they highlighted them. That’s weird that we are surprised by that and shouldn’t they be doing so as a value


specially that we are an insurance company and we are the insurance agents.


who better to provide this feedback than the agents? He did shadow when he first started.




also, someone from higher up called in and they were shocked at our security questions.
	

	money, working env, and lack of growth


diminished appreciation
*undervalued*


I don’t feel like I’m heard and shouting to the void


look at that pot of gold


created a plan for it to be in the budget

that should not be what you should be focusing on


being s subsidiary of eco we got slapped with it. 


we had a fairly stable website and the it 


when I started vyne wasn’t implemented and now in 2018 you would have occ tickets


a. other than t2 there wasn’t much direction. 
*they don’t do*


aside from coaching, the individual development plan I’m not sure I haven’t made any progress.


I went to the career fair thing it was both encouraging and sad. Here are all these amazing jobs at sonnet and we are not hiring. Why are we having a fair and not hiring


yelled at all the time and then going to a fair and no one is hiring. The tl personality that keeps me motivated


there’s so few team outings and are not paid for and you have so many scheduled per team and makes no sense. This team is all 8-4 and this team is all 12-8.


if you were 12-8 your tl had to basically beg to wfm and ask for you to come. Sorry nothing we can do


that’s also really frustrating. Shifts and shift bids. That has had an impact on me on both job and motivation. If you do badly and are stuck on shifts that you don’t want. There was someone else on my team and she wanted my shift and I wanted her shift and were told no; are we being punished.


how come you are on the CWW and this is what people feel.


I love 12-8 and people may think I am not good


*overlapping convo*


either new hires or didn’t do well


different types of call that comes in when you are here late, no one is escalating at 8 in the morning and when you get back marks, you get nasty calls. 


c. implement what we talked about


it’s not about people staying now, the managers found it shocking when people were looking for other work what happened to the management Monday food?


it’s nice to have those small moments and I see mark and other execs and nice to put a face to the name


at least having like trajectory and having the next steps 


I requested that before and it falls to the wayside


even if there is not a position for something you may want to cross over to. Having certain times and periods when they can learn something bit by bit. It seems like we are asking for things, the top 500 company do these things.


it’s just investing the resources to the support and frontline staff


let’s say I wanna get to QM and don’t speak French


Jen: is it limited only to the CIP course?

I was given suggestion and it has to go through a lot of hoops for the company to pay for it.


any company with a revolving door


if you have high turnover and you are hiring


refer people


insurance people from other companies were flocking and now it’s the opposite. 


Jen: why not refer people?


because of the stress and unless they want to be in insurance it’s not a good launching pad for anything


I experience some stress. They can see how my mood is after work and they don’t want it to affect them 


you are right it is a stress sometimes. I leap and it’s a lot that goes into what everyone does and for us to feel better


a lot of times you are talking to someone who is irritated. After a call you need to take a break and now some emphasis on productivity and after call work and you feel like constantly being evaluated and its unfair that these agents are going through so much


quick question on productivity.


they used to focus on take your time with the customer. And not how long this should be.




that why I don’t take incentives to account. If I need time I will.


I have had a couple of few calls and my heart is pounding 


one of my tl was very supportive of that. If you need a coffee, you can take a walk. There was a call where the client was yelling at me and then I had a tl and CSH with me. We really do have each other’s back and not undermine


you become numb to what people say and say you are sorry to hear that.


it’s hard to be genuine


a lot of times people are trying to scam and fraud you. People who have genuine problems and you are lying through your teeth and I don’t get to call them out on it. 


at some point common sense has to prevail, I understand what you are trying to say. We know what you are saying is bs and you know and we gotta act like.


that’s hard to, day in day out put on that fakeness and be happy and positive and empathetic and telling me that I am stupid, and I am rude and uncaring. They can say whatever they want on us.


they have started to with raven wolf. What happened was he kept telling me to shut my mouth?


I almost wish I could become numb to it


I go home and stress out.


my last call of the day was raven wolf one day. And it was a 10min call and for us to go through that and we are paid well and sometimes is it even worth it.


if you can put up with that but can you take less

very overqualified and underutilized


off this discussion, with regards to QM, emails why are they not counted anymore
people were sending emails about after every call.


again, why not speak to that individual, the time to send the email is taking the time from productivity.


create follow up email templates and get it out of the way. It makes a big difference


now that I am on digital and my time is between emails and chats and I feel bad about these productivity number.


as soon as they want to speak to a supervisor, they will look for someone.


I hate escalating


if I don’t escalate, I will get a bad score. T2s are vocal about this.


sometimes it depends if you give all the details and all the info and they want to still escalate.


say they have the same authority as they do. 


some transparency from the company 


with brokers, there is some negotiation


you cannot be guaranteed if they will go up or down or stay the same.


people wo come to us they think its negotiable.


its more on the clients and no one checks the FAQ’s




even on the front page and have blurbs of information or FAQ’s


I think it was our website being specific enough. People won’t know what to do.